Yes Hi this time there was to say a quiet power of it is is a now cellar because
Follow
Arrin 850? I bought it and tried it
I thought that the video up
I'm burning here but before that
Well there is one reason why I bought this pc case, but what about that green led
I thought it was good but somehow
I guess I do I say Nde What or noisy
After all , I wonder if I will make a quiet PC this time
In various ways
Say that they are changing parts
It is a stage
Here 's 8 X 110's of 8 Koa cellars
It contains a simple water cooling
This too
Well it does not mean that it corresponds to the case of that kind of child
It bothers to listen to say the six-party
It feels like it fits
This meeting
road
Well fine
Science. Various way reputation is a good place com
Omega's
that
It is the ultimate silent fan
Well this is calm but maa son
Nde not mean I mean amazing what this Monka'
There is no loss in buying, but it may be better not to expect so much
It is dark and hard to see
There was a fan of that let right now, so I'm all right now
The ultimate silence was bought
In Well I'd thought that well and I should keep doing various whether the Holy Spirit now
After all
After all I thought that the quiet PC was good after all
I'm planning to make a fan's PC with no fans
Aizu current condition becomes like this
cat's
Floor is the power of cellar Reimu 850
I think Moore is good with plug-ins
Nde little with the heat but is
1 Well you do not may choose a moment to buy
Together